---
layout: post
title: "Move On"
date:   2023-06-01 12:00:00 +0300
category: music
description: Do you have a courage to forgive?
image: /assets/img/Move On - cover.jpg
---
*If all in your life goes awry, you shouldn't lose faith in yourself.*

This is a very significant song for me. I have overcome depression and found a way to move on. I remember being in ICU, thinking I'm gonna die soon because of COVID and an immunity failure, but I was determined to take responsibility for my life, no matter how hard it was, and get better. I survived. I rose up and went along.

This tune is a new frontier for me to express myself musically. The song is so powerful that I could barely sing it 'till the end when I first started learning it. But I mastered it, and here it is for you to listen to.

This is the [solo version](https://onerpm.link/337645101317). The other version featuring a choir, a violin & cello is in progress. Stay tuned!

Sheet music is available for download on [Artcascade](https://artcascade.site/cascades/42).

**Lyrics:**

You're feeling down,  
Nothing could be worse,  
You always frown,  
Life goes in reverse.  
Depression has become a part of you,  
Can't figure out what you're supposed to do.  

You'd be alright  
If you could make one step  
To your deep fright  
That triggers your soul's ebb.  
I know: that pain could be transformed to life,  
Your heart will get opened and your love will find you out.  

We've got to  
Move on,  
We've got to move it on.

So give away  
All your crazy dreams,  
Don't go astray,  
Keep your merry beam!  
Although you may feel like you've lost it all,  
It's worth it to believe you can do more.  

You may be sure  
That life is such a pain  
You can't endure,  
And nothing's there to gain.  
You're paralyzed from overwhelming woe…  
But here comes the power telling you: "Rise up and go!"

We've got to  
Move on,  
We've got to move it on.  

Where is your place  
To fight disgrace?  
Do you have a courage to forgive?  
How can you make your world a better place to live?

You will succeed!  
Go plant good seeds!

We've got to  
Move on,  
We've got to move it on.